---
layout: post
title:  "How to Make Your Own GithubPage?"
date:   2021-10-22 17:50:25
image: /assets/images/wallpaperflare.com_wallpaper1.jpg
image2: /assets/images/wallpaperflare.com_wallpaper1.jpg
---
>How to recreate this GithubPage?

For this tutorial, we are going to use Github and Jekyll.

# What is Github?
GitHub is a provider of Internet hosting for software development and version control using Git. It provides access control and several collaboration features such as bug tracking

# What is Jekyll?
Jekyll is a static site generator. It takes text written in your favorite markup language and uses layouts to create a static website. You can browse through various templates from here [https://jekyllthemes.io/](https://jekyllthemes.io/).

# Let's Get Started
## 1. Browse Templates in Jekyll
-jekyll.png-
Go to [https://jekyllthemes.io/](https://jekyllthemes.io/) and search for Mediator template
-mediator1.png-

Then click Get Mediator on GitHub.
-mediator2.png-

When the content is finished loading, the Mediator repository will appear
-1.png-

## 2. Fork the Repository
To use this template, we just need to fork this repository by clicking the Fork button in the top right corner.
-1a.png-
If you have, it will be seen that this repository is ours and there is an inscription that this repository is forked from dirkfabisch/mediator
-1b.png-

## 3. Edit the Repository Details
We can rename this repository (to make it more personal) by going to Settings, then renaming the repository.
-1c.png-
Back to the Code section, click Settings next to About to edit the details
-1d.png-

We can already see the initial appearance of the blog (same as the template) by going to the personal website link provided by GitHub (username.github.io)
-1e.png-

## Customize the Blog
segini dulu y capek:D
